COLORSXSTUDIOS
JOJI - ATTENTION
So keep it light
Girl, would it kill you just to throw a little bit of attention?
If I hurt you, I'm afraid God's gonna teach me a lesson
Now would you hate me if I said goodbye
So quick you could eat my dust?
Now would you hate me if I ran like hell
In the wind from dawn 'til dusk?
When you cry, you waste your time
Over boys you never liked
Can you not
be so obvious?
So keep it light
No
I thought I'd vocalize my troubles, but nobody will listen
I know I'm cryptic and I'm weird
that shit comes off as indifferent
I don't wanna die so young
Got so much to do
I don't smile for the cameras
Only smile for you (smile for you)
Now would you hate me if I said goodbye
So quick you could eat my dust?
Now would you hate me if I ran like hell
In the wind from dawn 'til dusk?
When you cry, you waste your time
Over boys you never liked
Can you not?